During this iteration, we tried to complete the core functionality of our site
as much as possible. This means allowing users to search for foods that have
been listed on the site according to several fields (name, category, and
location), and we also allowed users to order foods. This involved creating
a notion of transactions and providing users with the ability to view and
manage their transactions.

Overall, this iteration was quite successful. We implemented all of the features
that we had planned for this iteration, and we also finished our backlog
from the previous iteration, which consisted of allowing image uploads for 
foods. Just as before, we were also able to achieve 100% coverage using
SimpleCov, and our app was pushed successfully to Heroku.

This iteration was also more smooth than the previous one in terms of the
drawbacks we found for iteration one; namely, we had many fewer merge conflicts
this time, and we spent much less time on refactoring. Ultimately, this
translated into being able to complete many more features during this iteration.

Probably the largest challenge in this iteration was allowing users to upload
images for food items. We initially implemented this feature by saving images
directly to the app's file system, which worked on Cloud9. However, Heroku
does not allow apps to upload files directly, as it uses what Heroku describes
as an "ephemeral" file system, which essentially means that files can only be
saved temporarily before they are automatically deleted. To solve this, we
set up an Amazon Web Service account for the site and began saving images to
AWS instead of storing them locally. This required some time to research
AWS accounts and gems, but we ultimately were successful in getting image
uploads to work correctly on Heroku.

Our next iteration will be focused on adding some supplementary features to 
improve user experiences. We will be adding a review system for foods, and we
will also try to improve the look and feel of the site.